# SENOU-Melain-Modeste.github.io
Melain Modeste SENOU holds a PhD in Development Economics and Econometrics at Felix Houphouët Boigny University in Abidjan (Ivory Coast) within the Collaborative PhD program of the Africa Economic Research Consortium (AERC). He is currently a specialist of statistical and econometrics analysis at the United Nation Development Program (Cotonou, Benin). Prior to that position, Dr SENOU was a Post-doctoral Research fellow of the African Centre of Excellence for Inequality Research (ACEIR, Cape Town, South Africa). He conducted part of his research at the Institute of Statistical, Social and Economic research (ISSER), University of Ghana. His research interests relate to poverty, inequalities, inclusive finance, gender, household and child well-being, health, strategic foresight. He is proficient in managing successful impact evaluation surveys and particularly in designing and running randomized Control trials for which, he holds recognitions from the Abdul Latif Jameel Poverty Action Lab (J-PAL/ MITx) and the department of Impact Evaluation (The World Bank). He also collaborates with several organizations including the international Institute for Tropical Agriculture (IITA), the United Nation Capital Development Fund (UNCDF), the International Development Research Centre (IDRC) as well as the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF). He teaches in many universities in Benin and Ivory Coast and has several publications in international indexed journals. 
